# CS300
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
     The problem I was solving in this course revolved around creating a functional program for students to view and manage courses. This was done through managing bids, such as searching, adding, removing, and printing information in the bids. In the final project, we created a user friendly menu that allows a student to see all courses, search for a course, see the course prerequisites, as well as load the csv file. 
How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
     I approached the problems with pseudocode, ensuring I had a solid design before attempting to program any of the functionalities. I also used many forums and tutorials in assistance to create the safest and most efficient code I could.
How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
     I overcame roadblocks that came up while going through the activities and the project in the same manner as above, through researching online forums as well as tutorials. I ensure I understand the concept well so I can use problem/solution the next time the same situation comes up.
How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
     The work on this project has expanded my approach to desigining softare and developing programs mainly through teaching me efficient pseudocode. The instructor feedback was very helpful in ensuring I had efficient and logical pseudocode that would make the actual programming a piece of cake.
How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
     The work on this project has evolved the way I write programs mainly in the efficiency aspect, as efficiency is not something I have really got to focus on during coursework. Typically, we have just aimed for a functioning program with error handling, now we take a step above for efficiency as well as safety. This makes the code more maintainable as it is useful in the long run without having to majorly rework the code. The code is adaptable by using variables in as many spots as possible, allowing for an easy transition if needed. One simple fix will chain throughout the entire program versus hard coding information, meaning every line involving this information will need recoded. 
